[clang][Sema] Fix for enums overflowing (#24667) (#78742)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  ``__TYPE_FMTb__`` (e.g., ``__UINT_FAST64_FMTB__``) in C23 mode for use with
  macros typically exposed from ``<inttypes.h>``, such as ``PRIb8``.
  (`#81896: <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/81896>`_).

> - Enumerations should allow values greater than INT_MAX and smaller than
>   INT_MIN, in order to provide a value-preserved set of integer constants. `N3029 Improved Normal Enumerations <https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n3029.htm>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enumerations should allow values greater than ``INT_MAX`` and smaller than
  ``INT_MIN``, in order to provide a value-preserved set of integer constants. `N3029 Improved Normal Enumerations <https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n3029.htm>`_
```

- Clang now doesn't produce false-positive warning `-Wconstant-logical-operand`
  for logical operators in C23.
  Fixes (`#64356 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/64356>`_).

> - Fixes miscompilation when an enum has a specified value such that the auto
>   increment overflows a signed long. Fixes (`#24667 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/24667>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a miscompilation when an enum has a specified value such that the automatic
  increment overflows a ``signed long``. Fixes #GH24667.
```
